Ian Stop  
Nicolas Tirio  
James Odame  
Joseph Urso  
Team MVP  
  Our team is going to develop a product called the Ultimate Seat Selector. The development of our product is based on the idea of bringing an efficient and organized structure to a classroom seating arrangement. Although we have the scope set for a classroom setting, we still have the vision of it growing into other environments such as office layouts, wedding spaces, and more. The purpose of our product is to create a database that allows students to select a seat, from a pre-organized seating arrangement. For the students that will not be physically present for the event, they will also be granted the ability to choose from a seat they will be at virtually. Future versions of the product will enable users to pick from different room arrangements but for now, we have created a single predetermined room. Though being an MVP, we still want the end-user to have the ability to test all the tools and come back with criticism and praise on features they either liked, disliked, or thought were missing altogether.   
  
  Adding onto the user’s ability to select a seat they will also be asked to fill out a detail surrounding the specified seat they selected. For our MVP this will include the user’s first, and last name, the user will also create a user id for themselves that will be used in a higher function later in the system. Students can save their spot by selecting either a seat, lecturer, or virtual participation. When the student selects one of these options and a specific seat the user id, they created will be used to lock their seat selection so only the admin or user themselves can change that seat. As users enter their information for choosing a seat the system will display the preferred and last name below the desired seat. New users that enter the site will be able to see the displayed information of who chose what seat and who is attending virtually. This may have some impact on how users choose to attend the lecture whether that be physically or online. The display feature is something we hope to gain insight into and based on feedback could go from all users can see the display and attendance to only the lecturer.

  Standard authentication will also be utilized through a password system that requires our students to enter the correct password to gain entry. Once authentication has been verified the user attempting to get in will be allowed to make the necessary changes needed. We are going to split up the students based on how they chose to sit for the lecture which information will be used to display our physically and virtually present students. The purpose of storing the data is needed to prevent multiple people from selecting the same seat, or for contact tracing in the event of a COVID-19 spread.     
  From the specifications laid out here, our MVP will be sufficient in providing us with the feedback necessary to progress with this project. The main functions of our product will be seat selection, live update, and the configuration of the seat layout. We will include the first two functions in our MVP, as the seat configuration will be too large of an undertaking to complete for the time being. The seat selection and live update will give us the required feedback from the attendees in terms of usability and helpfulness for attending a lecture. Meanwhile, the time efficiency that is provided with assigning seats before a meeting will be noted by the lecturer. With this feedback, we will be able to better understand what is required by our users. Thus, we will be able to create a better final product as a result.


This site was built based on the contents of our [README.md](https://github.com/EricJPogue/UltimateSeatSelector/blob/main/README.md)
