### Hosting on Azure

We ended up choosing to host the website on Azure, utilizing the free options that they provide. You could choose a different hosting service if you would like, but this walkthrough will only cover Azure.

First, create a new Web App. See this picture [here](https://github.com/UltimateSeatSelectorInc/UltimateSeatSelector/blob/main/DOCS/HOSTING_IMAGES/CREATING_THE_WEB_APP.png) for an example. Make a new resource group called whatever you want for this project, then name the website UltimateSeatSelector. Unless you pay for a custom domain name, it will always end in .azurewebsites.net. We will be utilizing the latest version of Node (Node 18 LTS) and the Windows operating system. Select whatever region is nearest to wherever your primary userbase will be, which is probably the Central US. Then, select the free tier of the hosting. Finally, click deployment.

Next, you will enable GitHub continuous deployment. Then, select your organization, the repository, and the branch. You will need whoever has owner access on the repository to give you permission to enable this deployment. [The deployment page](https://github.com/UltimateSeatSelectorInc/UltimateSeatSelector/blob/main/DOCS/HOSTING_IMAGES/CONFIGURING_DEPLOYMENT.png) should look similar to this. You can then ignore the networking, monitoring, and tags sections as you can always change them later and hit create.

After waiting for the app to finish deploying, you can view it in your resources section. The first deployment will fail, so you will need to edit the workflow file to match this one, with its additions of the working directory and paths. [What the start of the workflow file should look like.](https://github.com/UltimateSeatSelectorInc/UltimateSeatSelector/blob/main/DOCS/HOSTING_IMAGES/WORKFLOW_FILE.png) I'd recommend taking a copy of our workflow file before rehosting the website just in case.

Congratulations! The website should be fully hosted on Azure. Azure posseses tons of features that can help you troubleshoot problems like their advanced tools terminal in order to see exactly what files are hosted and where.